Add example of compiling HLS PR from a fork (#18)
haskell/ghcup-www: docs/guide/compiling.md

    - `ghcup compile hls --git-ref master --ghc 9.2.3`
    - `ghcup compile hls --git-ref a32db0b --ghc 9.2.3`
    - `ghcup compile hls --git-ref 1.7.0.0 --ghc 9.2.3`

>     - `ghcup compile hls --git-ref crtschin/export-1-export --ghc 9.10.3 -r https://github.com/crtschin/haskell-language-server` (PR from a fork)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `ghcup compile hls --git-ref author/feature --ghc 9.10.3 -r https://github.com/author/haskell-language-server` (PR from a fork)
```

Thanks for updating the docs! Small nit, but I think it'd be a bit better to keep this generic.

Author: You don't have to be so modest 😜

More seriously, I think it is good to have either a working example or clearly indicate where the user is supposed to substitute things. Maybe @hasufell also has an opinion on this?

Reviewer 2: `author/feature` is just a convention. It could be any branch. I think `ghcup compile hls --help` is verbose enough, but we can add this example.
